Resonance
By Liam Stradling
Chapter 1.
	Kaisuke Ishida’s back pre-emptively braces the second he hears his alarm. Before he’s even fully awake, parts of him are struggling to accept that he’s about to do what he does. He brings his back straight, shifting himself off the bed. Sensing this, his legs start their protest, but he decisively forces himself onto his feet. For a moment, everything groans with soreness as it is forced into motion. His head hasn’t quite kicked into gear, so he moves through his routine on muscle memory. Immediately he drinks water, then takes a short cold shower. He dries himself off with a towel, combs his short hair, tends to his nails, and puts on his school uniform. By the time he’s downstairs he can’t help but feel he’ll starve to death. He’d give anything for some breakfast cereal, toast, yogurt, coffee or anything he could stuff himself without thinking about, but his dad insists that is not the way: that rice, miso broth, and tea is the path to manhood. Since Kaisuke is up before everyone else, that means he also has to cook for everyone else. He does this without thinking too hard, preparing half a kilogram of rice and a liter of tea and broth.
	As his stomach dramatically complains, he continues working. He collects his laptop, textbooks, notebooks, and materials, then neatly places them into his backpack. As he does so, he sees one of his little sister Souko’s books under the couch, so he makes time to pick it up and set it on the desk in her room. To his mild surprise, Souko is already up, typing away at something. She glances at Kaisuke for a moment. Her long hair is frazzled and she rubs her eyes against the light coming from the main room. She’s still in pajamas – the perfect image of a middle school second year – but Kaisuke can’t tell how long she’s been up.
“Sorry.” Souko whispers, putting her face in her palm and gritting her teeth.
“No harm on my end.” Kaisuke tells her, shutting the door. “You should be more careful, though. Breakfast will be ready soon if you want it.”
He opens his phone and sees 05:32. He has to be out by 06:00 to catch the train to Sapporo. He fills a small thermal flask with the miso broth, then collects a few smaller items he can eat after school, then sips hot tea while he waits for the rice to finish. He scoops the hot rice into a bento box, cracks in an egg and soy sauce, then mixes it together, after which he cleans everything up. 
By this time Kaisuke finishes it is 05:57, so he places everything in his backpack and pulls his bike onto the road. There’s a thin layer of snow on the ground; the remainder of what the large plow couldn’t cover. It’s cold, he’s wearing only his school uniform, and he hasn’t even eaten yet. He bikes past empty fields filled with untouched snow, reaching the Gakuentoshi line station at Tobetsu. He locks his bike up, then waits on the train platform. At this point his stomach has fallen into despair, but he quickly starts eating his rice and gently sipping the broth from his flask. A fire once again lights within him as he breathes out steam in the cold air. His mind, which had been grinding against him in the background, finally falls into place. His body before felt supported only by protesting limbs, but he now felt a sense of absolute control. Like he can catch a fly between his chopsticks and set it down on the table.
Kaisuke then boards the train, sitting down and setting his bag on the ground in front of him. The train doors close, and he gazes out the window. Snow was starting to fall again, though thankfully it wasn’t strong enough to stop the train schedule. The train rushes past the snowfall, casting white swirls of powder into the sky. He crosses the frozen Ishikari river, watching the landscape transform from open fields and golf courses into suburban homes and buildings. By the time he makes it to his stop the countryside is far gone, replaced with large buildings and noisy streets. He walks to the school, then starts classes. Kaisuke falls against the backrest, still shivering. Another student mentions that the snow is getting worse, and that the trains might go down. He tags Akiko Yamamoto, his internship group leader, in the group chat, asking if they’re going to cancel work today. Akiko texts back a few minutes later, with “the supervisor is still asking everyone to attend.” Kaisuke sighs, then texts his brother Tadashi on the chance he’d be willing to pick him up. A minute later, the phone buzzes.
“The roads are going to get covered over the next few hours. It’s not safe. By the time you get out, it’ll also be the dead of night. If you’re coming home, take the train back now.” The text reads.
“I can’t lose my internship! Just go slower and you’ll be fine. I’m going to stay up here-” 
Kaisuke shoves his phone into his backpack, the text still unsent, just as the teacher walks in – colder and more miserable than Kaisuke himself – and starts the lecture.
After class, Kaisuke goes to the cafeteria. While the lunch at his school isn't “free,” his scholarship happens to provide him with a free lunch item every day. He chooses yakisoba today, then sits down alone at one of the tables, committing to get a head start on some of the work he has. He’s surprised when someone sits next to him, but when he realizes it’s Akiko he keeps working.
“Are you feeling okay?” Akiko asks. Kaisuke realizes he’s been visibly showing his frustration since his brother texted him back this morning. He decides it’s not that important, then uses Souko’s technique of taking a deep breath and relaxing his face.
“Yes, I’m okay. Thanks for checking up on me.” Kaisuke says, then returns to his work. The sound of voices from across the cafeteria usually distracts him from his rhythmic typing, but now the sound of keys clacking highlights the silence between them.
“I tried to convince Professor Watanabe to cancel today.” Akiko mentions. “Sorry it didn’t work.” Akiko brushes her hand against her pocket, as if she’s about to reach for her phone.
“It’s alright. I’m going to start work on whatever he has for us now.” Kaisuke finishes his yakisoba, then glances at her for a moment. “Since you’re here, do you think you could help? I know we don’t get paid for work done off-site, but-”
“No, no, let’s get started!” Akiko responds excitedly.
Kaisuke usually never works on internship projects at school. He initially assumed a lack of incentive combined with an improper work environment was the root cause. With Akiko working beside him for that one hour, however, he got way more done than usual. He ponders this for a moment, but not before the bell takes them back to their respective classes.
Usually Kaisuke feels highly invested in his classes, but knowing there’s no guarantee he’ll make it home tonight fills him with dread. Looking out the window, the snow piles up further and further. He can’t see more than a few feet in any direction, and he starts to wonder if he can even make it to his work. Even at his best, it usually took him an hour to walk to the institute, following which he must walk all the way back to the station.
“Why do I even care? I didn’t care before. Did something change?” Kaisuke thinks to himself, but then stops. “No, never mind. I just don’t want to spend hours in a blizzard with nothing but my school uniform.”
By the time the final bell rings, there’s no way to visually differentiate the road from the sidewalk except where tire treads have made their mark. The earlier snowfall washed the salt away, and the timing of the blizzard didn’t give the workers enough time to lay down another layer of salt. Kaisuke prepares himself to take the first step, then hears Akiko calling out to him.
	“Are you really thinking about walking in this?” Akiko asks, seeming aghast.
	“I don’t have many other choices.” Kaisuke calls back. “I do this every day. The weather may be dangerous, but my feet are all that can carry me, and there isn’t a better time to start walking.” Kaisuke turns away, then takes a few steps across the crosswalk. He can’t see the walk sign across the road, but he notices the red tint become green.
	“Stop. Just… wait.” Akiko says, quickly running over and grabbing his hand. “My big sister gives me a ride every day. I’ll call her to let her know you’re coming with me. Come back inside, though.”
	Akiko’s hands are warm, mostly because Kaisuke’s have been cold all day. Kaisuke isn’t a very large person, but Akiko’s hands feel small in his. His thoughts become silent, and he simply observes. Akiko’s face is red, and her eyebrows crease with a kind of caring concern. Her long brown hair, partially tied back by a ribbon, billows in the wind for a moment. He gazes into her deep, brown eyes. Something inside him triggers, and he withdraws his eyes, hand, and presence.
	“Alright. That sounds fine.” Kaisuke says. The moment has passed, so he turns back to her. Akiko looks smaller, and even more concerned. A loud honk shocks both of them, and they dash back to the curb as a semitruck goes past. Kaisuke trips on the slushy roadside, but fortunately the snow cushions him. Unfortunately, his shoe is soaked, and he starts shivering. 
	“Kaisuke! Are you alright?” Akiko asks, offering a hand to help him up. He nods and stands on his own. Akiko forces her concerned expression to become an inviting smile. “I’m part of an after-school game club. Would you be interested in joining us?” 
	“That sounds good to me.” Kaisuke agrees. He can’t think of anything better to do, partially because he can’t think anymore. Akiko guides him through the building towards the club rooms. The hem of his uniform drips, and his shoe squelches as he walks through the halls. “I should mention I’m not much of a gamer, though.”
	“You don’t need to be.”
	Just by the way the two other people in the room look at him, he gets the impression he’s an intruder. They look almost territorial; like they’re ready to hiss and attack at any moment. Their unease is only partially offset by Akiko’s presence next to him.
	“So, are the games already set up, or…” Kaisuke starts, but trails off. He doesn’t know what they’re doing here. “Akiko, can you explain what we’re doing?”
	“This… might sound crazy, but I’ll just ask you to trust me” Akiko begins, taking a deep breath and looking around as if for help. “The basic rundown is… no, never mind.”
	Akiko takes a few quick, uncomfortable steps towards the closet, unlocking it with a key hidden under her uniform. Once open, she removes a large, glowing crystal placed on top of a tray from a cabinet, placing it on a table in the center of the room. Kaisuke edges towards the door without thinking, barely coherent thoughts racing into his mind and demanding his attention.
	“What’s going on?” Kaisuke asks, but receives no response. “What is that?”
	Akiko slowly, almost apprehensively, reaches for his wrist as his hand fumbles the doorknob. She eases her hands into his, and his thoughts stop. Once again, she looks into his eyes, and she feels somehow even warmer than before.
	“Please. Trust me.” Akiko whispers, guiding him by his hand towards the table. The crystal is purple. It’s the size and shape of a river stone; one just too large and heavy to be suited to skipping. He touches it. There’s a thrumming, beating sensation, as if it is harmonizing with his body itself, and he pulls his hand back and turns around.



















Chapter 2.
	No one is there. Not Akiko, not the two other club members, not even the room is the same. Only him and the crystal. His body still resonates with it, and for a moment he closes his eyes. Even without seeing, he can still sense it. He walks to the edge of the room, dances and flails around with his eyes closed, deliberately trying to lose his awareness of the room. Eventually he trips and falls, but keeps his eyes closed. Picking himself up, he navigates to the crystal. Opening his eyes, he sees it right in the place where he expects it to be.
	“What was that about?” Akiko asks, stifling a giggle. Kaisuke jumps upon seeing her, backing away. Akiko seems like she’s about to giggle more, but as she notices Kaisuke’s expression she instead takes a step back herself, covering her face with her hands.
	“Wh- what did you do?” Kaisuke demands. “Where’d you come from? You disappeared. What is this place? What is that thing?”
	“C-c-c-calm down!” Akiko responds, looking even more terrified of Kaisuke’s expression than Kaisuke felt, yet still holding a smile. “It’s okay! You don’t need to be afraid, okay?”
	Kaisuke reflexively uses Souko’s deep breathing technique to calm down. He closes his eyes, and focuses on the crystal’s resonance, grounding his emotions. As he does, Akiko’s breathing slows too. It’s almost as if he can feel it happen. The crystal doesn’t just resonate with him: it also resonates with Akiko, meaning he resonates with her. It’s a strange sensation.
	He’d had tunnel vision earlier, but now he’s gotten a good look at the room around him. It isn’t just “not the same.” It’s beautiful. Reflective jade tiles spread out from the floor, alternating in shape but forming a pattern radiating outwards from the center of the room, where the glowing crystal rested on the pillar. For some reason, he had the feeling the floor resembled the surface of a pond after a stone had been thrown. Though, even then, it didn’t feel quite right.
	“What is with this place?” Kaisuke thinks to himself. He closes his eyes, and imagines himself standing on the surface of the pond, the green water below reflecting his image. He drops in the stone, and the stone sinks into the pond, displacing the water around it. His image distorts as he looks down at himself, yet when he opens his eyes and looks, his image is clear.
Then, closing his eyes, he imagines himself in his reflection. He’s standing on the surface, but his reflection exists below, and he exists above. He drops the stone from above, and his reflection itself observes below, as if it is standing on his soles, immersed in the water and looking up at him. When he opens his eyes, he *sees* it was just as his reflection had seen.
“That doesn’t make any sense.” Kaisuke mutters to himself, closing his eyes and trying again.
	“Is something wrong?” Akiko asks. He noticed his arm is out in front of him, making the dropping motion. He opens his mouth, trying to explain what he’s just experienced, but can’t think of how to articulate it. He sets that aside for now, starting with what he’d first learned.
	“It’s alright. Can you close your eyes?” Kaisuke asks her.
	“Okay…?” Akiko asks, breathing in and squeezing them shut, her heart pounding. He *feels* it, and when he thinks about it he starts to feel his own heart pound as well. He doesn’t allow this to distract him.
	“Keep your eyes closed. Is it alright if I take your hand?” Kaisuke asks, gently touching it. She doesn’t verbally respond, but she grabs it tensely, heart beating faster. He guides her around the room, turning randomly. Eventually, he just twirls her around a few times. “Relative to where you were before, do you know where you are now?”
	“Well…” Akiko begins, but stops. “I do, actually. I shouldn’t, but I know.”
	“Without opening your eyes, point yourself towards the place where you think the crystal should be.” Kaisuke requests. Akiko looks straight at it, then opens her eyes. She jumps.
	“Why do I feel it? How did I never notice something like that?” Akiko asks out loud. “I thought I’d be surprising you by now. Now you’re surprising me!”
	“So, do you know what this place is?” Kaisuke repeats, now confused.
	“Of course! I was the one who brought you here.” Akiko says. “Well, kind of. I’m not sure what this room is, but that’s not important. Come with me!”
	She pushes a wall, and an opening reveals itself. As she’s about to leave, though, the two club members from earlier appear. Their clothes are almost entirely different, and they have weapons strapped to them. Now, more than territorial, they look *dangerous.*
	“You two are, uh, still here. It’s been five minutes, right Akiko?” One of the club members asks.
	“Yes.” Akiko replies, looking embarrassed. “Um, Kaisuke, can you come with me?”
	“Alright.” Kaisuke agrees, eager to get out of the room with two large, armed individuals. Kaisuke goes slowly through the barely-lit halls, trying carefully not to trip and fall for a third time today. He sees Akiko’s figure silhouetted against bright, colored lights from above. He climbs the steps with her, and sees sunlight shining through a massive inverted-dome stained glass window. It has many colors in fractal shapes, and rays of light scatter throughout the dusty air. There’s a massive, clear pool in the center of the room just below the dome, and it casts every ripple against the walls in colorful motion. He goes to the center of the room, wading into the warm, knee-deep water, and looks up. The geometry of the room is perfect, and with the shifting colors it reminds him of a kaleidoscope.
	“Yeah, I guess this is cool, too.” Akiko says, standing beside him. “You get distracted a lot, don’t you?”
	“Huh?” Kaisuke asks, looking at her quizzically. “You’re seeing this too, aren’t you?”
	“We’re in another *world.* There are some incredible things out there, and I’m excited to show you them!” Akiko explains. “Food, people, work, play – all in ways you’ve never imagined. Are we going to stand in this one room when we could discover something new in the next hour that nobody from our world has ever seen before?”
	“There’s food?” Kaisuke asks, suddenly recognizing his hunger.
	“Food like you’ve never imagined it before.” Akiko replies, stepping out of the water. She offers Kaisuke a hand, but by the time she turns around Kaisuke’s already walking to the exit, dripping even more than before.
	The place they’re in looks much different from the outside. It looks almost boring, in fact: flat, brown adobe walls that don’t warrant much attention where the tilework inside is one of the most beautiful things he’s ever seen before.
	“What’s up now?” Akiko asks, noting his confusion.
	“Nothing.” Kaisuke says, turning away. “It’s just… interesting, isn’t it? What is that place?”
	Only when turning around did Kaisuke see a city around him. Cobblestone roads with horses towing carts, going down towards a deep blue sea. Stone buildings on every side, all packed together. Garden boxes with flowers, vegetables, and trees of varieties he’d never seen before. Women and men alike wear thin, white clothes that loosely cover their entire bodies, embroidered with colorful jewelry and symmetric patterns. Akiko takes him through a network of streets, and three minutes later he can’t tell where he is. He resonates with the crystal for a moment, regaining his orientation. They encounter a solid wall. and they walk alongside it until they see an open gate with nobody around. Just a few streets down, the entire mood changes. The architecture itself has a more rugged feel, like everything they’d seen before was sanded and smoothed. Kaisuke notes that people’s clothing seems much sturdier. They’re more distinct not in the color they’re dyed, nor in the cut and shape, but simply in the purpose they serve and the work they’re used for. Most importantly, though, he can hear and smell food sizzling in street stalls.
	Kaisuke watches as a vendor chops an enormous red root vegetable into massive spears, then skewers them at the end and immerses them in oil. He sees another stall with large, round loaves of bread that looked as though they’d been burnt inside and out.
	“You have to try this one.” Akiko tells Kaisuke, handing the bread vendor a coin. He cuts a large slice, slathers a dark, violet spread on it, then hands it to Akiko, who divides it between them. He takes a bite, instinctually expecting a burnt, crunchy texture, and is surprised to note the bread is tender and savory. The paste is fatty and sweet, and the unfamiliar flavors and texture combine in a foreign, yet welcome way. The foreignness of it all reminds him of his first time eating falafel at an international store in Sapporo.
	“This is good.” Kaisuke says after chewing it all the way. “What’s it made of?”
	“I don’t know.” Akiko replies, shrugging.
	“I’ve got to try some more.”
	Kaisuke wanders from stall to stall, Akiko by his side. He collects one of the skewered vegetables from earlier, a small bowl of some sort of vegetable stew, and a strip of grilled meat. Akiko grabs the same. Trying the fried skewer, it feels like he’s biting into an enormous fry, but it’s denser and more nutty. The stew’s broth tastes creamy and hearty, and biting into one of the vegetables he realizes it’s the same as the one on his skewer. He takes a bite loaded with some sort of diced yellow vegetable, which is crispy and sweet. He continues eating the soup, no longer thinking of how alien it all is.
	“You’re eating like you won’t see food again for the next week.” Akiko notes, taking much slower bites. Kaisuke’s shoulders fall for a moment, and he looks away, mouth still full. “It’s okay. You look like you’re enjoying yourself.”
	Kaisuke tries the meat next, then realizes by the texture that it’s just grilled chicken. He’s almost disappointed, but notes that the seasonings are much more noticeable. It’s the familiar sweetness of caramelized sugar and tenderness of chicken combined with unfamiliar notes of citrus and some sort of earthy spice.
	“So, where do we go next?” Kaisuke asks.
	“We’ve got to get back, actually.” Akiko replies, looking sad. “We’ve got our internship, remember?”
	“Oh! I… didn’t notice.” Kaisuke says, pulling out his phone. He realizes what he’s holding, then tries to open his camera, but the camera doesn’t seem to function. No matter where he points it, the screen shows only an incomprehensible mash of color. He sees he’s not getting any cellular reception.
	“Cell service and GPS don’t work here. If you need to do something, wait until we get back to the real world.” Akiko mentions. 
Akiko guides him back to the strange building they started in, and Kaisuke takes another moment to admire the beauty within. Akiko touches the crystal again, disappearing in a silhouette of lingering light. Kaisuke follows her lead, and the crystal resonates with him as he touches it.


























Chapter 3.
	 Akiko, now able to recognize the crystal’s resonance, can’t understand how she didn’t feel it before. It was so *obvious,* and yet she didn’t notice it in all seven weeks she’d spent going there almost every day. At least, not until today, when Kaisuke walked in and took the time to spell out to her the power she’d been using without thought for weeks. Trying to sense the crystal’s resonance now, she’s met with a sense of profound dissonance, as if whatever was connecting her is now totally cut off. Kaisuke appears beside her, causing her to jump. It was strange: she was able to sense him within the other world, but now she can’t sense him at all, nor does she know what he’s feeling.
	“So, uh, how are we getting to work again?” Kaisuke asks her. For a moment, he just looks at the crystal, then his hands, before looking back. “Sorry, don’t worry about me.”
	Akiko notices that her expression has changed, and that she looked concerned for a moment. She changes her expression to a more amiable smile. Kaisuke just came back from another world, and his greatest concern is work.
	“My sister should be here in a few minutes with her car. It’s four-wheel drive, so we should be able to make it through all the snow. Let’s go to the front.” Akiko replies. “I’m glad you’re alright. Tell me if you need anything.”
	They walk outside, and Akiko thinks back to meeting Kaisuke for the first time, at the beginning of their internship. He always seemed to fade into the background, but he’d always be eager to try solving a problem that nobody else could. It makes her really happy he’s on her team, since she rarely needs to handle discouragement. Yet, whenever she looks closer at him, she sees something beyond his talent. Akiko sees not just a capable team member, but a person working his hardest simply to hold on to the life he has now. She notices his stifled yawns, his growling stomach, and his aversion to even mentioning his family members. She notices this sort of thing in other team members, and she does her best to address these problems as they arise, but she can’t help but treat Kaisuke with a certain reverence. When he was eating today, looking at every part of the temple, learning about the world she shared with him, he looked so happy.
	“Thanks for the food, by the way.” Kaisuke says, looking slightly embarrassed. “Should I… pay you back for that? Somehow?”
	“No, no!” Akiko responds, realizing she’d been staring back at him for almost a minute. It really wasn’t much effort for her to accumulate more money in that world. “I’m really glad you liked it! If it’s something you’d like to do more often, I’d be happy to take you every time.”
	“R- really?” Kaisuke asks, looking for all the world as if he’d just experienced a miracle. “I wouldn’t want to trouble you, I mean-”
	“You need it, don’t you?” Akiko says in a gentle tone. “We need you, too. I’m glad you’re here, and I want you to be able to do your best every day. So, if there’s anything I can do for you, I’ll do anything I can.”
	Kaisuke looks at her seriously. It looks like he’s about to say something, flakes of snow gently peppering his hair. She feels a single selfish wish rise up in her: to know his feelings – even just a little – in the real world, too.
	“Akiko! Come on!” Rin, her older sister, called out to her. “It’s warm in the car. Get in!”
	Kaisuke follows her to her sister’s car: a hardy yet elegant SUV built for regular trips through mud, snow, and mountainous terrain.
	“Thank you.” Kaisuke tells Rin, climbing in after her.
	“So, who’s this handsome guy? I thought I might never see the day you look at someone the way you look at him.” Rin says, looking back at Akiko as she puts the car into gear. Her lips tighten into a line as her face turns red, and she stares daggers into Rin.
	“I’m Kaisuke Ishida. Akiko’s my team leader, and we’re…” Kaisuke begins, but hesitates, glancing at Akiko uncertainly.
	“And we’re also friends at school. He’s attending the game club activities with me.” Akiko finishes, trying not to make her embarrassment obvious. She’s failing miserably, face red and eyes tearing up slightly. Rin watches her from the mirror, letting the silence stretch.
	“Sorry. I won’t say anything else.” Rin finally says, putting in her earphones – a sign she’s no longer listening. Akiko seethes for a moment, then feels miserable as she realizes how Kaisuke must feel.
	“I-” Kaisuke begins again, but glances at Rin.
	“She’s not listening.” Akiko assures.
	“No, it’s not important.”
	Akiko considers pressing him for a moment – he’s been consistently avoiding actually *saying* how he feels – but decides it doesn’t feel right.
	Kaisuke is visibly shivering as he works, sitting next to Akiko but with eyes set only on the work in front of him. They’re in the basement of the university’s science building in an unused concrete storage room. Around them, the latest afternoon classes and labs are starting to end, and the evening ones are about to begin. Because it was originally intended as storage, it wasn’t built with temperature regulation in mind. There isn’t any other place for interns to work, however, so she’s been bringing a coat for the past few months. Kaisuke has not, saying to his team members only that a coat would make him too heavy and slow. That was alright earlier in the winter, when the roads were dry and the snow wasn’t heavy, but Kaisuke can’t seem to avoid getting soaked today. Kaisuke may be the most effective member on the team: very invested, highly skilled, and deeply focused, but it’s like he has no autonomy when doing simple things like eating, getting around, and wearing the right clothes for the weather. Akiko unbuttons her coat and offers it to him, but he’s no longer paying attention to her movements.
	“Kaisuke, I’ve got something for you.” Akiko says, tapping him on the shoulder to get his attention.
	“Already?” Kaisuke asks, his expression becoming puzzled as he turns to her. She puts her coat on his shoulders, then sits back down and takes a sip of her steaming coffee. He doesn’t say anything, but wraps himself with it more comfortably as he turns back to his work. Akiko stands up, then checks on the other team members. A program takes up most of Takashi’s screen, but he has it in small font. Akiko leans in, reading the function he’s working on.
	“Ichiro says there’s something wrong with the readings.” Takashi says. “I’m making sure the parameters are set properly.” 	“Ichiro, can you show me the readings?” Akiko asks, turning her head towards his screen. His window displays a graph with two lines. The x-axis represents time, while the y-axis represents power. One line measures the power over an interval under ideal conditions, assuming the same resistance, and the other shows how much power has actually been measured within the system.
	“Measured power has dropped by three percent, while ideal power has remained consistent. I’m not sure why.” Ichiro explains, glancing towards Kaisuke. Akiko nods, walking over to him.
	“We need to figure out an unexplained drop in measured power.” She tells him. “Can you think of anything that might explain it?”
	“It’s probably a measurement problem. Someone should make sure everything is connected properly.” Kaisuke replies. “If it’s not that, check the output of the reaction chamber itself. If the product ratio isn’t any lower, that at least confirms that the problem is on our team’s end.”
	“Ichiro, can you come with me?” Akiko requests, taking a sip of her coffee before walking out of the room. The two walk through the halls towards the lab, the sounds of classes being taught all around them. The chamber sits at the edge of the lab behind tables equipped with test tubes, pipettes, beakers, and scales. It’s set next to an eyewash station on one side and a fire extinguisher on the other. Ichiro first confirms the faulty power readings, then measures the product mass.
	“The ratio is consistent, so it’s not a power problem.” Ichiro notes.
	“The equipment looks fine.” Akiko adds. “Let’s check with Takashi.”
	They walk back, and find both of them still sitting at their respective tables. Kaisuke looks focused, but Takashi looks frustrated.
	“What’s wrong?” Akiko asks, watching his expression.
	“I can’t find anything.” Takashi replies, his lips tightening. “Was there anything wrong with the equipment?”
	“Nothing.”
	“I don’t know what’s going on.” Takashi complains. “I’m almost certain the parameters are consistent, yet it still feels like I’m missing something right in front of me.”
	“I can have Kaisuke help, if you need it.” Akiko offers, but Takashi shakes his head.
	“I’m sure I can figure it out.” Takashi replies. “I can’t just have Kaisuke handle everything.”
	“Remember it’s not our first priority. Our goal right now isn’t to perfect the sensor system. I need you to keep working on feedback and adjustment.” Akiko reminds him. “We’ll set it aside for now. If it’s not a quick fix, we can handle it once we have more to show to the professor.”
	“Why’d he call us in today, anyway?” Takashi mutters, but switches tabs to the feedback program. Akiko’s always impressed at his willingness to comb through thousands of lines, but right now the team needs him to keep writing. Akiko still didn’t know why they were called in, and she felt some measure of unease. She opens her laptop, then starts scrolling through the sensor program. Everything looks fine, though she doesn’t have as much programming skill as Takashi.
	After about twenty minutes working on documentation, she notices Kaisuke has started slouching forward, eyes drooping. He looks not just distracted, but also *tired.*
	“Hey, Kaisuke, can you check Takashi’s sensor program?” Akiko asks. It’s almost 18:00, 